SARUTOBI ASUMA
Asuma...
Uncle Asuma...
Where is Shikamaru?
I thought my mom said that he left already...
Hey, I told you not to play on the roof!
- Yes. - I'm sorry.
BARBE-Q Oh, Shikamaru!
Oh hello.
I haven't seen you in a while, have you been busy?
Yeah.
Come by again.
Say "Hi" to Asuma Sensei and Choji for me.
Oh yeah, I have to ask Sensei to pay off his balance.
Um... Asuma is...
Huh?
He died in duty.
Then, so the one that died yesterday...
This can't be...
Shikamaru...
It's almost dinner...
It's okay. I don't feel like eating.
Shikamaru.
Come with me for a sec.
You're pretty forceful today.
You can't win that way.
Shut up.
Akatsuki, huh? Are they...strong?
Yeah.
So, what are you going to do?
If Asuma couldn't beat them, then you won't be able to do anything.
He was a really good guy.
Yeah.
He sucked at Shogi, though.
Are you sure about that?
Don't mess with my move.
Not that. What do you want to do?
Well, I guess you're not stupid enough to go die.
As a parent, that is very fortunate that.
Who wants to go to their son's funeral?
You are doing well. I am proud to be your parent.
You're sharp, and you're talented.
You are capable of taking on the future of Hidden Leaf Village.
But...
Asuma died.
What are you trying to say?
The truth.
It's repulsive that you're talking so much!
Yes, I am just a useless coward!
No.
Then what?!
Just let it all out.
Let out all your sadness, fears, and anger...
and everything else!
And it all starts from there...
I'll pick up your pieces...
HIDDEN LEAF LIBRARY
Hello!
Hey!
Shikamaru!
Hello...
It must have been hard to deal with what happened to Asuma...
I don't know what to say...
Choji is also... Shikamaru.
You...
You want to see Choji, right?
He's by the hill in the back.
Sheesh!
Looks like you dug deep.
Huh?! Shikamaru!
Your mom told me to give you this.
So, when?
You are gonna do it, right?!
What should I do?
Umm...are you telling me...
Then, can I ask you to do something for me?
Yeah!
YAMANAKA FLOWERS
Shikamaru!
You're gonna do it right?!
SARUTOBI ASUMA
Thank you.
Sorry I'm late...
But I won't hesitate anymore.
We might be trying to do something really risky...
Please look after us...
Asuma Sensei...
Asuma...Sensei.
Are you ready?
Let's go, Shikamaru.
Yeah.
Wait!
Lady Fifth Hokage...
Where are you going?
The mission order is still on right?
We formed a new team and we are going to execute the mission.
I will not allow selfish actions!
Shikamaru, I will have you join the new unit I form.
Then, I will have you go after we come up with a solid plan.
Just send some support later.
Our team has already come up with a plan.
Enough!
Asuma is dead. There are only three of you now.
Asuma is with us.
Are you planning to avenge him in this battle?
It's not like you. Do you want to die in vain?!
We are not that stupid. I have no intention to die...
But...
But...what?
I don't want to give up without setting things straight...
I don't want to live a crappy life like that.
Grow up...
Death always haunts Ninja...
There are times when you can't accept a death.
But, if you do not overcome it, then there is no future!
This keepsake lighter.
When I have this, it's as if Asuma Sensei is nearby...
It's as if he is protecting us. It just feels that way.
Until this battle comes to an end, this lighter will always be with us...
Get real.
There are only three of you. A unit should have four members--!
It's fine if there are four, right?
- Huh? - Kakashi Sensei?
I will join as the captain of Team Ten. How about that?
Kakashi, you...
Even if you try to stop them, they're still gonna go.
But if I go, I can supervise them...
I will not allow them to go overboard.
I got it. Do as you like!
All right!
Kakashi Sensei... How about Naruto?
Your right arm...?
Forget it, he doesn't need me at this point.
Plus, there is another captain with them.
Naruto...
Well then, Team Asuma, let's go!
- Right! - Yes!
I appreciate it, Kakashi Sensei!
So, we are now going to confront the Akatsuki.
But first, Shikamaru, let me hear your plan.
Yes, now that you've joined, I want to change the plan a bit.
I got it. Please explain.
I will explain by dividing it into several different scenarios.
Depending on the situation,
we will apply different maneuvers, so be sure you listen carefully.
- Got it! - Got it!
Next time: "Target: Locked On"